There are four examples, each containing a full alignment, and two alignments (which partition that full alignment) representing the "true" clusters.
- murA_lpxC/ is the biological motivation (and only biologically applicable example). True clusters were found by cutting off Sam's predictions at 0.5.
- sh3_pdz/ was made by trimming sh3 and pdz alignments to have the same number of residues by taking the 41 positions with the best coverage. This is not at all biologically reasonable, but this can be clustered by kmeans. You can hyperparameters under which the plmcem algorithm 
- sh3_hi/ and pdz_hi/ were attempts at using my Gibbs sampler to generate sequences. Basically, in sh3_hi/, the first cluster was generating using the parameters from fitting plmc on the trimmed sh3 alignment, while the second cluster used the hi from the trimmed sh3 alignment and the Jij from the trimmed pdz alignment. The analogous process was used for pdz_hi/. I don't think my Gibbs sampler was very good, frankly, so this might just be a ridiculous task.

You'll see that files for running tuning called tuning_submitter.py, tuning.sh, and tuning_analyzer.py. Each of these need to be in the folder containing your alignment & true clusters to run. Edit tuning_submitter.py with the name of the MSA file, and the tuning_analyzer.py with the name of the MSA file and the name of the true cluster files. Run python tuning_submitter.py, which will shoot off a bunch of batch jobs and kill your fairshare. After all of those are done, you run tuning_analyzer.py.
This will make a file in the tuning folder that summarizes the clustering results.
- In that file, the hyperparameters that are varied are listed.
- For performance, you'll see four columns: i0:t0, i0:t1, i1:t0, i1:t1. For explanation, i0:t1 represents the overlap in the number of sequencess between the 0th inferred cluster and the 1st true cluster (if we're zero indexing). There's also a score (that's supposed to be at most 1) which is meant to summarize the success of clustering based on the number of pairs of sequences that are correctly or incorrectly inferred into the same cluster. I know it equals 1 when clustering is perfect, but don't know much else about its efficacy.

*Note: A lot of this code has, on line 2, collections.Iterable = collections.abc.Iterable. The pip-installed version of evcouplings I have was made before a change in the structure of collections (I think). It seems that the development version of evcouplings has adjusted to this change, so if it throws an error b/c of this line, just remove it and the code should run fine.*
